correct statement on return value of module write hook (#715)
easybuilders/easybuild: docs/Hooks.rst

   * the ``EasyBlock`` instance used to perform the installation (usually referred to as ``self``)
   * the filepath of the module that will be written
   * the module text as a string

>   The return value of this hook (if any) is used as contents for the module file that will be written.

Reviewer: TBH: I find "as contents for the file that will be written" a bit to complicated compared to "will be written to the file"
Maybe we could still clarify this a bit, especially with respect to "no return value/no hook":

```suggestion
  The return value of this hook, when set, will replace the original text that is then written to the module file.
```

Author: That's better indeed, opening another PR :)

Author: see #716
